QUICK_DEPLOYMENT_SUMMARY.md, before:

# 🐳 Quick Deployment Summary - DIU Esports Backend (Docker)

## ✅ What's Ready
- **Database**: PostgreSQL configured and ready
- **Environment Variables**: All prepared with your credentials
- **Docker Setup**: Complete Dockerfile and configuration
- **Health Checks**: Endpoints ready for testing

## 🗄️ Database Credentials (Already Set Up)
```
Host: dpg-d2qcflre5dus73bt42b0-a.oregon-postgres.render.com
Port: 5432
Database: diu_esports_db
Username: diu_esports_user
Password: N9P2tK3xOtsOKnpZqrk1PmtTPO34eFrA
```

## 🚀 Deploy to Render with Docker - 3 Simple Steps

### Step 1: Create Web Service
1. Go to [render.com](https://render.com)
2. Click "New +" → "Web Service"
3. Connect your GitHub repo: `oficialasif/diuesports`

### Step 2: Configure Docker Service
- **Name**: `diu-esports-backend`
- **Root Directory**: `.` (repository root - **NOT** backend)
- **Runtime**: `Docker` ⚠️ **MUST SELECT DOCKER**
- **Dockerfile Path**: `./Dockerfile` (auto-detected)

### Step 3: Set Environment Variables
Copy these **exact** values from `RENDER_ENVIRONMENT_VARS.md`:

```env
APP_ENV=production
APP_DEBUG=false
APP_URL=https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com
FRONTEND_URL=https://diues.vercel.app
DB_DRIVER=pgsql
DB_HOST=dpg-d2qcflre5dus73bt42b0-a.oregon-postgres.render.com
DB_NAME=diu_esports_db
DB_USERNAME=diu_esports_user
DB_PASSWORD=N9P2tK3xOtsOKnpZqrk1PmtTPO34eFrA
DB_PORT=5432
STORAGE_TYPE=local
UPLOAD_PATH=uploads/
MAX_FILE_SIZE=5242880
ALLOWED_FILE_TYPES=image/jpeg,image/png,image/gif,image/webp
CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS=https://diues.vercel.app,http://localhost:3000
SESSION_SECURE=true
SESSION_HTTP_ONLY=true
SESSION_SAME_SITE=Strict
LOG_LEVEL=error
TIMEZONE=UTC
```

## 🐳 What Docker Gives You
- **PHP 8.2** with Apache web server
- **PostgreSQL extensions** for database connectivity
- **File upload support** with proper permissions
- **Production-ready** environment
- **Easy debugging** and troubleshooting

## 🧪 Test After Deployment
1. **Health Check**: `https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com/backend/test_render.php`
2. **API Test**: `https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com/backend/api`
3. **Database Setup**: `https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com/backend/install.php`

## 🔗 Connect Frontend
In Vercel, set:
```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL=https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com/backend/api
```

## 📚 Full Documentation
- **Docker Guide**: `DOCKER_DEPLOYMENT.md`
- **Environment Variables**: `RENDER_ENVIRONMENT_VARS.md`
- **Step-by-Step**: `DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md`

## 🎯 Alternative: Blueprint Deployment
1. Click "New +" → "Blueprint"
2. Connect your GitHub repo
3. Render will automatically use `render.yaml`
4. All settings pre-configured

## ⚠️ Important Note
Since we copy the entire project, your backend URLs will include `/backend/`:
- **API**: `/backend/api`
- **Admin**: `/backend/admin`
- **Health Check**: `/backend/test_render.php`

---

**🎯 Docker is the best solution! Full control over PHP environment and reliable deployment.**

Commit message:

Fix Apache configuration - Set DocumentRoot to backend directory for proper file serving

QUICK_DEPLOYMENT_SUMMARY.md, after:

# 🐳 Quick Deployment Summary - DIU Esports Backend (Docker)

## ✅ What's Ready
- **Database**: PostgreSQL configured and ready
- **Environment Variables**: All prepared with your credentials
- **Docker Setup**: Complete Dockerfile and configuration
- **Health Checks**: Endpoints ready for testing

## 🗄️ Database Credentials (Already Set Up)
```
Host: dpg-d2qcflre5dus73bt42b0-a.oregon-postgres.render.com
Port: 5432
Database: diu_esports_db
Username: diu_esports_user
Password: N9P2tK3xOtsOKnpZqrk1PmtTPO34eFrA
```

## 🚀 Deploy to Render with Docker - 3 Simple Steps

### Step 1: Create Web Service
1. Go to [render.com](https://render.com)
2. Click "New +" → "Web Service"
3. Connect your GitHub repo: `oficialasif/diuesports`

### Step 2: Configure Docker Service
- **Name**: `diu-esports-backend`
- **Root Directory**: `.` (repository root - **NOT** backend)
- **Runtime**: `Docker` ⚠️ **MUST SELECT DOCKER**
- **Dockerfile Path**: `./Dockerfile` (auto-detected)

### Step 3: Set Environment Variables
Copy these **exact** values from `RENDER_ENVIRONMENT_VARS.md`:

```env
APP_ENV=production
APP_DEBUG=false
APP_URL=https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com
FRONTEND_URL=https://diues.vercel.app
DB_DRIVER=pgsql
DB_HOST=dpg-d2qcflre5dus73bt42b0-a.oregon-postgres.render.com
DB_NAME=diu_esports_db
DB_USERNAME=diu_esports_user
DB_PASSWORD=N9P2tK3xOtsOKnpZqrk1PmtTPO34eFrA
DB_PORT=5432
STORAGE_TYPE=local
UPLOAD_PATH=uploads/
MAX_FILE_SIZE=5242880
ALLOWED_FILE_TYPES=image/jpeg,image/png,image/gif,image/webp
CORS_ALLOWED_ORIGINS=https://diues.vercel.app,http://localhost:3000
SESSION_SECURE=true
SESSION_HTTP_ONLY=true
SESSION_SAME_SITE=Strict
LOG_LEVEL=error
TIMEZONE=UTC
```

## 🐳 What Docker Gives You
- **PHP 8.2** with Apache web server
- **PostgreSQL extensions** for database connectivity
- **File upload support** with proper permissions
- **Production-ready** environment
- **Easy debugging** and troubleshooting

## 🧪 Test After Deployment
1. **Health Check**: `https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com/test_render.php`
2. **API Test**: `https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com/api`
3. **Database Setup**: `https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com/install.php`

## 🔗 Connect Frontend
In Vercel, set:
```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE_URL=https://diu-esports-backend.onrender.com/api
```

## 📚 Full Documentation
- **Docker Guide**: `DOCKER_DEPLOYMENT.md`
- **Environment Variables**: `RENDER_ENVIRONMENT_VARS.md`
- **Step-by-Step**: `DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST.md`

## 🎯 Alternative: Blueprint Deployment
1. Click "New +" → "Blueprint"
2. Connect your GitHub repo
3. Render will automatically use `render.yaml`
4. All settings pre-configured

## ✅ Apache Configuration
Apache is now configured to serve directly from the backend directory, so your URLs will work without the `/backend/` prefix:
- **API**: `/api`
- **Admin**: `/admin`
- **Health Check**: `/test_render.php`

---

**🎯 Docker is the best solution! Full control over PHP environment and reliable deployment.**
